---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "deadline_fleet Resource - deadline"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fleet resource
---

# deadline_fleet (Resource)

Fleet resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "deadline_farm" "test" {
  display_name = "test"
  description  = "this is a test farm"
}

resource "deadline_fleet" "test" {
  display_name = "test"
  farm_id      = deadline_farm.test.id
  description  = "this is a test farm"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) The display name of the fleet.
- `farm_id` (String) The ID of the farm.
- `max_worker_count` (Number) The maximum number of workers that can be started in the fleet.
- `min_worker_count` (Number) The minimum number of workers that can be started in the fleet.
- `role_arn` (String) The ARN of the role that the fleet assumes.

### Optional

- `configuration` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--configuration))
- `description` (String) The description of the fleet.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the fleet.

<a id="nestedblock--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `mode` (String) The mode of the fleet configuration. It can either be 'aws_managed' or 'customer_managed'.

Optional:

- `ec2_instance_capabilities` (Block, Optional) The capabilities of the EC2 instance. Only required when the mode is 'aws_managed'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--configuration--ec2_instance_capabilities))
- `ec2_market_type` (String) The market type of the EC2 instance. It can either be 'spot' or 'on-demand'. Only required when the mode is 'aws_managed'.

<a id="nestedblock--configuration--ec2_instance_capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ec2_instance_capabilities`

Required:

- `cpu_architecture` (String)
- `max_cpu_count` (Number)
- `memory_mib` (Number)
- `min_cpu_count` (Number)
- `os_family` (String)

Optional:

- `accelerator_capabilities` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--configuration--ec2_instance_capabilities--accelerator_capabilities))
- `allowed_instance_types` (List of String)
- `exclude_instance_types` (List of String)
- `root_ebs_volume` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--configuration--ec2_instance_capabilities--root_ebs_volume))

<a id="nestedblock--configuration--ec2_instance_capabilities--accelerator_capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ec2_instance_capabilities.accelerator_capabilities`

Optional:

- `count` (Number) The minimum number of accelerators that can be attached to the instance.If you set the value to 0, a worker will still have 1 GPU.
- `selections` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--configuration--ec2_instance_capabilities--accelerator_capabilities--selections))

<a id="nestedatt--configuration--ec2_instance_capabilities--accelerator_capabilities--selections"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ec2_instance_capabilities.accelerator_capabilities.selections`

Required:

- `name` (String)

Optional:

- `runtime` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--configuration--ec2_instance_capabilities--root_ebs_volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration.ec2_instance_capabilities.root_ebs_volume`

Optional:

- `iops` (Number) The number of IOPS for the root EBS volume. Only required when the mode is 'aws_managed'.
- `size` (Number) The size of the root EBS volume in GiB.
- `throughput` (Number) The throughput of the root EBS volume in MiB/s.
